hey guys thank you for tuning in to
Lindsey's latest I'm celebrity stylist
Lindsay and today's Tuesday's tip is
what I call the roll up
it's actually an organizational little
trick that I have and I'm gonna show you
how it works this is my drawer but I
don't really put my stuff away and
drawers like this I really don't I don't
like it it's piles of stuff I don't see
what I have I like to roll it up and
actually you guys there's many of my
celebrity clients that I've done this in
their very own closet and drawers and
I'm gonna show you guys how I do it what
we take is an empty drawer I cleaned out
my drawer for you guys and I have to say
it was really annoying but I really want
to share this with you so I kind of had
to clean out my life that was in here so
I'm gonna take my folded shirts I'm just
gonna roll them up yes I have two shirts
that are the same in different colors I
have a Shopaholic so you guys can go one
step further in your organizational
duties and you can organize them and
place them right in the drawer kind of
color-coordinated you don't have to but
you just roll them up just like this so
look how nice we can see what we have
right here when it's folded and stacked
up we can pretty much only see the top
but look now I'm just making little rows
these are kind of like my t-shirts and
tape tops all in this drawer so that's
how I groove them up I'm big on
organizing by color let's say I'm in a
yellow mood I just look at the yellow
section and I know that my yellows
aren't mixed with my black that my
yellows are with my yellows so you guys
this is the same stuff that you saw in
that stacked and folded other drawer I
just brought it over here I rolled each
one up and I place them in here and look
you can see this you just kind of lift
it up you can see what you have there
just little burritos all stacked in
there what's nice about this is you
don't have to be precise when you get
your laundry you just take it fold it
roll it up because when you roll things
you don't get those harsh creases so you
don't have to be as precise
and as anal about like folding it right
you can just take it off roll it up
throw it in the drawer I even have room
to spare you saw in that other drawer
there was no room to spare
I roll all those little guys up there in
here and I can even buy like 10 more
shirts like I need them but I can't so
that my friends was the roll up I just
fit 60 rolled up shirts in my drawer
rolling them uses every eighty bitty
nook and cranny of your drawer so you
can get as much good stuff in there as
possible thank you guys so much for
tuning in to my Tuesday's tips on
Lindsey's latest please leave me a
comment and also subscribe to my channel
I'm a new youtuber and I need the love
and please I want to hear what you guys
have to say I have tons of tips and
tricks and little things I'd love to
share with you from working with many
celebrities for the past 10 years so
please show the love and I hope to see
you next week bye